Update README.md (#63)
COSIMA/regional-mom6: README.md

[![Repo status](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://mit-license.org) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/COSIMA/regional-mom6/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=7OEZ1UZRY4)](https://codecov.io/gh/COSIMA/regional-mom6) [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/regional-mom6/badge/?version=latest)](https://regional-mom6.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest) [![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

Users just need to provide some information about where, when, and how big their domain is and also where raw input forcing files are. The package sorts out all the boring details and creates a set of MOM6-friendly input files along with setup directories ready to go! 

> Although the resultant regional configuration will likely still need some tweaking, the idea behind this package is that the model should help the user sidestep some of the tricky issues with getting the model to run in the first place. This removes some of the steep learning curve for people new to working with the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The idea behind this package is that it should the user sidestep some of the tricky issues with getting the model to run in the first place. This removes some of the steep learning curve for people new to working with the model. Note that the resultant model configuration might still need some tweaking (e.g., fiddling with timestep to avoid CFL-related numerical stability issues or fiddling with bathymetry to deal with very narrow fjords or channels that may exist).
```

> This module package is very much a work in progress - for example there is currently only one horizontal grid type (equally spaced longitude and latitude) but we plan to add many more options in the future. This functionality should be easy to add given the modular desin of the package. If you find this package useful and would like to add more functionality, [we'd love for contributions!](https://regional-mom6.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limitations: Currently the package supports only one horizontal grid type (that is equally spaced in longitude); there are plans to add more grid options.

If you find this package useful and have any suggestions please feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/COSIMA/regional-mom6/issues) or a [discussion](https://github.com/COSIMA/regional-mom6/discussions). We'd love to have [new contributors](https://regional-mom6.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing.html) and we are very keen to help you out along the way!
```
